Hello and welcome
love gaming friends my nam sirius and
this is the daily news today
like star wars battlefront mass
effect four waskönig best in the summer
wolf homefront did full and what us
still so will think so
Unleashed the first few seconds of the daily
news is really my worst second
the passages are the most commonly I
record where I just the themes of
daily news statement try to make a commitment
and paint a field that wanted that
Did not want to and so it does not matter
So first at this point right
Thank you very much for your thumbs up
support at the last episode of the daily
news on sunday
that was phenomenal yes so we have
now about twice in a row
2500 thumbs up reached per daily
News follow that I think that's easy
I do not know that's awesome so that
so many of you have been the
thumbs up for the daily news
I can just say it again
thank you save the date said it for him
in an e mail from bethesda in the them
quite simply announced to all
first time on the e3 a showcase too
So make a kind of press conference
where to play then about future games
the whole thing will be reported on 14 june
take place this year and I think
it's pretty terrific so just the
fact that they have never been there before
indeed shows that this time they again
want to trump and especially thick
then not a small litter
is coming and so now is the big question
most people are probably waiting
new cheek and a lot of people
wait for new elder scrolls from me
like to also like the scary at two
I always call that one does not know it
14 june this year at e3 so far
more if I get paid in flight
I go there
otherwise we would be together
somehow from home in the livestream the
watch press conference and you can
Now write in the comments if it is
new cheeky or the new elder scrolls
should be
Alistair McNally that's the type of one
bioware montreal, so to speak
has mass effect 4 as in the future
will look like everything has somehow
nen others have but we simply say
He continues to mass effect four and he
just tweeted that he did
to spend the whole evening with the
latest artwork to the new mass effect
and he just can
say where it is generations ahead and
then I did not swell it out
this artwork is allowed to announce
played where we know what alistair
Mcnally meant that
deep silver is still damned
again at home already expressed two
the whole thing should not have followed
that was originally at crytek uk in
planning
that was bought up by thq thq went
then broke and the game was sold
to deep silver when i'm really in
So head was there in any case
quite a taste with the game in the
apron already and that was not below
especially cheap stars and now has
the community manager of which
again in the neogaf forum voiced that
the part would still be in work and
that still still in this
former crytek uk what now and
as it belongs to deep silver
it is further developed and edited
At first it seemed as if that
maybe such a flop development would be
like prey 2
what so now somehow long
was developed and in the end somehow
I have to quit now
just confess
The game is under a bad
star
yes so the developer team was down and
the game pushed the trademark rights
sold to here after I would do it
I would like to see it in one
but experience awesome cryengine quality
I'm afraid that the thing somehow am
maybe end up flopping
the chief financial officer of
electronic arts blake jorgensen has
Now at a press conference in San
francisco said that in the future shared
probably also for the playstation
he will come and he simply has
said that they have not yet over
another and upcoming part of
titan of officially speaking
but that, of course, in the game
last year only for the xbox brought
But in the future, one essential
bigger footprint with the second part
So that means to leave behind
quite simply that when titan of
maybe two in development
is not announced yet
but then for multiple systems
will appear and not xbox man
Exclusively something is sure to stay basically
I always like every game for you
platform
smaller news is also available
star wars battlefront so has the
Swedish developers from the price of
belongs directly to electronic arts and
there developed the battlelog features
quasi announced that they also for
star wars battlefront in the future
his weblog feature works that way
directly similar to battlefield 3
4 and battlefield hardliner the
battlelog will use the new star
it was a game to play with me
so on shared opinion my first
reaction was there in württemberg but
many pc games find that part
apparently really good and are with it
absolutely satisfied that's kind of like that
tool recognizes that probably all with
your online around the clock
monitor the statistics of your friends
but you must also battlelog in
Use web browser to play the game
to be able to join
and I confess that I am now
much better again such a
would have real ingame lobby
I think it is for example
Battlefield 3 and 4 and so on
I puke that I first into the game
I have to go in the multiplayer game
press the pause button there and there
my settings adjusting for example
from the graphics audio quality and such
on and on
but apparently it is for the ea
future star wars battlefront with
battlelog please your opinion in the
Comments
who should have missed yesterday
was then the official release of
i wolf on all platforms and that
Ding is currently a bit on the way
different opinions if you that
should not know this is a pure one
multiplayer title where you always have four
Hunters compete against a monster completely
interesting concept as I think I am
Personally, I also have it
actually he is so active against it
decided to play that because I did
Do not think I'm off
will tear because I'm missing personally
but just a little bit
such a singleplayer experience that me
from time to time this and sometimes that
There can be more excitement
because it is almost a mini shop in the
play is similar to free to play
Play where to buy weapons skins
yes my god if you do not like that
then they did not buy but there was
it's such a small rumor in the net
but in the end you have to
to form an opinion myself I have
time the balloon
and release trailer from left yesterday
ubisoft also released today and tomorrow
new content for far cry 4 is available
it's called a new everywhere on dlc like that
the whole thing
Interestingly, with a pvp mode
and four new multiplayer cards and me
believe a few new vehicles, yes
what a bit split that came
yesterday for the xbox were today for the
playstation 4 and tomorrow for the pc
it will be a new game mode
probably again a call of duty
give and the popular gun game and
that's what the studio boss of sledgehammer has
myself with the twitter image tweeted
where you also see a loading screen
could that be worth it in news or
which is too short i do not quite know game in
future probably at call of duty like that
that 's it with the
daily news and because he's at the last
follow so extremely diligently wait with
I comment and thumbs up click
I thought I would go to the times
faithful spectator nor my suitcase t
I still have that shirt left
Florida trip is welcome from me
be signed or not
you can choose you can
just post hashtag sirius and then
I know that maybe you are the t shirt
I just want to say right
thanks for watching here
there's the episode from the last time to the
next time and skin in